Personable Care made easy for nurses(database)

  My project is to do a software for the medical field. My software would cater more to the patients and their needs or wants. It would also help make nurses lives easier especially when it comes to shift change for them. 
  Within this software would be sort of a questionnaire within an app that nurses could fill out about their patients. This questionnaire would ask questions about patients such as their last temperature, allergies, drink preferences, vitals, and other characteristics such as time they spend in the hospital during their visit. 
  I know that one of the things patients in hospitals tend to complain about is being asked the same questions over and over again by multiple people, so my hope is that this server of questions would cut down on the repetitiveness of such questions This would also allow patients to feel catered to and better taken care of. As far as nurses go, I feel like this application would be very helpful during their shift changes that way the new nurses don’t have to get a run down from the previous nurse. The new oncoming nurse can look up the past temperature taken and all other details on their patients upon arriving without bothering the patient or previous nurse. This new software would change an emergency room visit into a more personable event and make routine tasks easier to keep track of for nurses.

https://github.com/ksu-is/Emergency-Room-System https://github.com/ksu-is/resident-management-tool
